# Oskolisp: OMG!!I'm just having fun with this little hack... Nothing serious.TL;DR: This thing here runs stuff like[this](https://github.com/arashbm/oskolisp/blob/master/examples/fib.rb) andprints the results.## examplesfor now it just uses ruby arrays and symbols instead of parsing text.```bash./bin/oskolisp examples/fib.rbcurl "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/arashbm/oskolisp/master/examples/factorial.rb" | ./bin/oskolisp```## At a Glanceeverything is just a simple list:```ruby[:+, 3, 4]```literal lists are defined like this:```ruby[:list, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5]````true` and `false` are available. You can use `if` conditional like this:```ruby[:p, [:if, true, 4, 3]] # => 4``````ruby[:p, [:if, [:>, 1, 3], 4, 3]] # => 3```and that `:p` function prints result of expression.available operators and arities are:* `:and`/2* `:or`/2* `:not`/1* `:+`/2* `:-`/2* `:*`/2* `:>`/2* `:<`/2* `:==`/2* `:if`/3 [:if, [condition], [then], [else]], false is the only false* `:list`/1+* `:upto`/2: [:==, [:upto, 1, 5], [:list, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5]]* `:map`/2 2nd argument is a function with arity of one* `:select`/2: 2nd argument is a function with arity of one* `:each`/2: 2nd argument is a function with arity of one, return input list  untouched* `:p`/1: prints* `lambda`/2: gets a literal list of arguments and an expression* `set`/2: stores result of expression in a variable: `[[:set, :a, 1], [:p, :a]]`## Using Oskolisp**DON'T!**But if you still plan to use it, just put a list of expressions in a file andrun it like the example above. Syntax is similar to a small subset of ruby or elixir (just arrays and symbols) so you can use ruby or elixir syntaxhighlighting.## LicenseThe MIT License (MIT)Copyright (c) 2014 Arash Badie ModiriPermission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copyof this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to dealin the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rightsto use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sellcopies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software isfurnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included inall copies or substantial portions of the Software.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS ORIMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THEAUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHERLIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS INTHE SOFTWARE.